What? I'll be right back
What's the matter, you beat up Mr. Sun?
He is afraid of taking his anger out on our Lin family's eastward travel relationship
Cut off all the voices in our Lin family
This guy surnamed Sun is really courting death
Go, I'll follow you.
Dad, it's all your fault
What's the situation now?
What's going on?
Now the Sun family has mobilized the design of the entire chamber of commerce
Banned our Li family
Upstream supply channels
All downstream purchase channels have been intercepted.
How could they do that?
Do you still have a face?
If you hadn't had to sit down together on push-ups
How could you do this yourself
What are you doing with this push-up?
Get out of here
If you still want me to help you overcome the problem
Better be polite to me
What are you solving for us?
What are you?